SalesWings Currents integration documentation (#9652)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/data_and_analytics/analytics/saleswings.md

* [Deploy the SalesWings tracking JavaScript][5] on the websites and apps where you want to track and identify leads
* Ingest Braze events along with event properties into SalesWings via Braze Currents
* Send behavioral lead activity data (and lead profile data) via [SalesWings integration with Segment][13]
* Send data straight to the SalesWings [API][14] from a third-party solution

### Step 3: Connecting SalesWings to Braze

Go to the [**SalesWings Integrations** page][6] and expand the **Braze Integration** section.

![The Braze Integration section of the SalesWings Settings page.][7]

Copy the value of the **Identifier** column for the newly created key and paste it into the **Braze API key** field of the SalesWings **Braze Integration** section.

Add your Braze API endpoint as described in [API and SDK endpoints article][8], and enter it in the **Braze API endpoint** field. Copy the value of the **REST Endpoint** column and enter it in the **Braze API endpoint** field in the SalesWings **Braze Integration** section.

Then, click **Save**.

### Step 4: Setting up a Custom Currents Export to SalesWings (optional)

> If you want to use [user behavior][10] and [message engagement][11] events for behavioral intelligence, lead and account scoring, show them to sales via sales insights or report on them in your CRM, go to the [**SalesWings Integrations** page][6] and expand the **Braze Integration** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use [user behavior][10] and [message engagement][11] events for behavioral intelligence, lead and account scoring, show them to sales with sales insights, or report on them in your CRM, go to the [**SalesWings Integrations** page][6] and expand the **Braze Integration** section.
```

> Click **Generate** under **Generate an API token to setup a Custom Currents Export**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select **Generate** under **Generate an API token to setup a Custom Currents Export**.
```

> Create a new Current as described in the [**Currents User Guide**][9], choose **Custom Currents Export** as the Current type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Create a new Current][9], and select **Custom Currents Export** as the Current type.
```

> In the **Credentials** section of the Current creation form, enter the API token you have generated on the [**SalesWings Integrations** page][6] as **Bearer Token** and `https://helium.saleswings.pro/api/braze/currents/events` as **Endpoint**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Credentials** section of the Current creation form, enter the API token you have generated on the [**SalesWings Integrations** page][6] for **Bearer Token**, and `https://helium.saleswings.pro/api/braze/currents/events` for **Endpoint**.
```

> ### Step 5: Configuring SalesWings lead  and account scoring for Braze, CRM integration, and more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 5: Configuring SalesWings lead and account scoring for Braze, CRM integration, and more
```

The `braze_id` variable is set to an identifier of the user-generated by Braze and is always available. The `br_user_id` variable is set to the user's identifier in your system and may be missing in certain scenarios (for example, for anonymous users created by the Braze SDK). If both `braze_id` and `br_user_id` are used in a link, SalesWings will only consider the `braze_id` parameter.

> ### Using Braze Currents Events for lead and account scoring, sales insights, or reporting on them in your CRM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using Braze Currents events in your CRM
```

> If you connect a Braze Current to SalesWings, SalesWings will create identified lead profiles for every Braze user with an email, and record supported Braze events as lead activity. Inside your CRM, all data can automatically be aggregated on the lead’s account level. The recorded activity and data could be further combined with the behavioral data collected with the SalesWings tracking script or Segment.com, or by sending other data to the SalesWings API, and then used to identify the needs and sales-readiness of your prospects for your lead and account management processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you connect a Braze Current to SalesWings, SalesWings will create identified lead profiles for every Braze user with an email and record supported Braze events as lead activity. In your CRM, all data can automatically be aggregated on the lead’s account level. The recorded activity and data could be further combined with the behavioral data collected with the SalesWings tracking script or Segment.com, or by sending other data to the SalesWings API, and then used to identify the needs and sales-readiness of your prospects for your lead and account management processes.
```

| Message Events | In-App Message Click | `[In-app campaign engagement] Clicked on message $campaign_name` |
| Message Events | Push Open | `[Push notification engagement] Clicked on notification $campaign_name` |
| Message Events | SMS/MMS Inbound Received | `[SMS/mobile campaign engagement] We received a message from this person to our internal number $inbound_phone_number: $message_body` |
| Message Events | SMS/MMS Short Link Click | `[SMS/mobile campaign engagement] Clicked on $short_url` |
| Message Events | WhatsApp Inbound Received | `[WhatsApp engagement] We received a message from this person to our WhatsApp number $inbound_phone_number: $message_body` |
| Message Events | WhatsApp Read | `[WhatsApp engagement] Lead read our message from the $campaign_name campaign` |
| Subscriptions | Global Subscription State Change | `[Subscription status change] Global marketing subscription setting set to $subscription_status` |
| Subscriptions | Subscription Group State Change | `[Subscription status change] $subscription_status to/from $campaign_name` |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 .reset-td-br-3  .reset-td-br-4 role="presentation" }

> You can then configure **Custom Event > Event Name** and **Custom Event > Event Property** conditions for SalesWings tags and scores against the SalesWings event names from the table above. The list of event properties available for conditions is prefilled with some of the commonly used entries, and you can always add new ones in the **Event Property** section of the [Rule Engine configuration page][12].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then configure **Custom Event** > **Event Name** and **Custom Event** > **Event Property** conditions for SalesWings tags and scores against the SalesWings event names from the table above. The list of event properties available for conditions is prefilled with some of the commonly used entries, and you can always add new ones in the **Event Property** section of the [Rule Engine configuration page][12].
```

> ![Example of an Event Name condition]({% image_buster /assets/img/saleswings/saleswings_braze_lead_scoring_custom_event_condition.png %})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Example of an Event Name condition.]({% image_buster /assets/img/saleswings/saleswings_braze_lead_scoring_custom_event_condition.png %})
```
